[Music]
Let's get the serious stuff out of the
way and then we'll have a few laughs.
Discuss the news, the heartfelt stories, and
so on. We have a lot of
things to discuss, as you can see
in the title. I want to put up a
video, Marina, that has gone viral today
because this news came out
this morning, which to me seemed like a
complete mess.
We listened to it and we discussed it in October. He
killed his children when they were 2 years old. The author
of Los crímenes speaks from jail
with the writer Luis G Martín and
confesses that he couldn't stand that the
children were going to be raised by
his mother's family. The psychologist told him that
our relationship was beyond repair.
When I got home and no one was there, the
phone told me that neither she nor the children
were going to return. That was the end of it. José
Bretón took advantage of the fact that the children were going to
spend a few days with him and took them to the
Las Quemadillas estate in Córdoba.
When he got there, he had already planned everything to
wake him up, but when I got to bed,
my son José was already awake and he
threw his arms out for me to pick him up. When I
did it, I thought, wow, that's  today the
last day that I see you I don't remember anything
else I don't know if I spoke to them but there
were no special words there were no
goodbyes or sentimentality I was
gone all I thought was that everything will end he
put his children to sleep with sleeping pills he
killed them and then burned their bodies so as not to
leave a trace are you sure the
children didn't suffer he dissolved crushed potatoes
in sugar water before putting the
bodies on the fire I checked that they weren't
breathing they were already dead they trusted
me no there was no fear or pain or
any kind of suffering he called
emergency services saying that he had lost
his children in the park what happened to
the minors I can't find them that you have
lost are you the father not
exactly but it was the cameras in the
park itself that contradicted your
version and betrayed you despite this
Breton had never confessed to the
parricide until now you didn't feel the
need at that moment to confess
everything that would have meant going straight to
jail and I didn't want to go to jail for
real you thought you were going to get away with it of
course if there was no body they couldn't
accuse me of anything they couldn't
condemn me I was about to get it I just needed a little more luck José Bretón was found guilty unanimously by a popular jury and sentenced to 40 years in prison eh Look, I was going to tell you that in this case words are unnecessary there are many people saying on networks no That look, I do
not agree there what is the
need for this
person not to be a writer now has been
in correspondence with this
person for 3 years now a book is published
because obviously this caused harm
eh To the mother of José de Rud after
14 years no need Well
look, look eh thanks to these
correspondences these three years not of
these letters that have been leaked
now in the confidential waiting for
the hate to come out this this book not that
that under the publishing house Anagrama eh is going to come
out that well through this
writer we know for the first time the
authorship of of this person of his
own of his own voice evidently
beyond of the issue of him being a
man and a woman here evidently does not  you
need to be a psychologist or a
psychiatrist, you are dealing with a true
psychopath with all the traits, eh, it's
incredible the coldness with which he
confesses everything without any kind of
awareness of empathy of of of anything, it's
a real atrocity that
leaves any human being
totally eh speechless,
no, I mean, any human being with with with a minimum of awareness with a minimum of of of love for for for life and for anything leaves you, no ...
to pass in the end no matter how much
you give them Well, I don't know How much dose
exactly they gave him, no of
l Well, I don't know exactly if it was Lorace
Pan, he says, I didn't consult on the internet to
prepare the crime, no and it's like, well,
then you know the doses you have to
give someone to
kill them And you know how to burn a body
that way, I don't know why, of course, I think that he did have to
consult something
Although he says no, totally,
totally, he says Well, they weren't
breathing, it's hard for me, well, I don't
know, I don't know, but this type of
person who is also
compulsive liars, eh, I think that he cared
very little whether the children were
alive or dead, then eh And two
people who are burned, in the
case that they were alive, I think that there is
no worse way to die and this
man, I think that he cared, he
cared very little, yes, it's true
that on a day like today, I don't want to
imagine what that family is going through,
but well, yes, finally, at least
we have the confession of this man, which
evidently doesn't relieve much because it doesn't
relieve But  What I haven't understood
very well is if this person has written
this book, why is he leaking
these letters to the media and directly, you don't know, he
leaks it like a little bit of publicity in a
way, a book is coming out, I create expectation
and then there's my book that a lot of
people will buy because this is creating, well,
that expectation. So, maybe I would have
directly written
the book, I release it and whoever wants it here can
buy it. That's what has grated on me, no,
if the true intention is to make
the story known, that's what
has left me a little bit, well, let's see, I
have mixed feelings here. Let's see,
as a journalist, what do you tell me because of
course not, the true intention is not to
do, I mean, let's see, the true
intention of a writer is to sell
books, the true intention of a
journalist is to get the news. Javi,
the truth is, sorry, eh. Sorry, the true
intention is to sell books. A writer
today knows that he doesn't live, I
mean, selling books doesn't make you rich, I
mean, a writer still gets paid for each
book, a book that sells a lot.
You can earn 10, 15, 30,000  eur I
mean if you sell a well-selling book and
you get a good publisher and such
man you're not going to live off a book your
whole life but yes you can
have passive income your whole life from
a book if it's a book like in this
case it's a book of course this is a book
and this is a book that's not going to go
unnoticed ever in life I mean you have
a book that that but then it would be
part if you you have a good
publisher a good promotion and your book
sells Yes you can I mean yes it's
true that there are times that there are times that
a book can give you 4000 5000
10,000 maybe not eh It depends it depends
but if the book is a success a book
can
easily give you Maybe all at once
20,000 euros 30,000 eh And then
passive income for your whole life if it's about it
's that of course when it comes to crimes
talking about crimes that are never today
viral the subject okay I have to announce
tomorrow's live because tomorrow we have a
special program okay on the channel
main I'm preparing it tonight I'll
be preparing it I'll have to spend
the night again tonight to prepare for
tomorrow's program with Trium with Miriam
Moya and Lada, Lada Ames has to confirm that she
told me that she's going to
try and we'll have several guests,
several professionals to talk about the
subject, that is, right now a case that was
from 2000, 14, 14 years ago, 14, 14,
14 years ago, in other words, a case from 14 years ago, right
now it's being talked about, so
therefore, a book that's going to generate such a thing. So
the writer doesn't have the
intention of publishing a book and
getting this interview when he's
working when he's putting up with this crazy
sick guy because he's listening to
a sick guy with letters on the phone,
meeting with him, no, who
also met in 2023 to do nobody a favor,
he's creating content, you
understand? Yes, totally because. In addition, he
knows that it's a very mediatic case, he knows
that it's a subject that was totally
stopped and he knows that it's a subject that was going to
generate a lot of expectation and that
right now it's going to generate a lot of  speak
now well eh Don't be surprised that there are
a lot of people and that today
Remember that the Internet exists and that
a lot of content can be leaked, man,
there are things that can't be leaked and the
book itself, I don't know to what extent it
can be pirated or such eh with these types of
cases people are quite supportive And
if they can avoid buying it and get
certain parts in another way they will
do it eh maybe this was the case do you
remember the kid the one with the
little fish
tried eh to prevent it from being broadcast what
was very recently when he managed eh to get them to
talk and and I think someone went to
visit Julia Quezada eh because they were going to
make a documentary or something similar
on the subject and she stopped it and between all of
them they managed to stop them and I don't know man they're not
going to stop it from coming out they're not going to do
anything for the book to come out but maybe it will
have the repercussion that this
person wants you know eh I think that I don't
know that obviously
the book will have a long run Yes but but but
let's go to this this guy you only have to
see his look and look how sometimes he
deceives but  you only have to see the
psychopathic look he has to know
that it is nothing, I am the writer and
I would be afraid and mind you, eh, that's what we
talked about. It is not comparable to the
yoyas issue. But why do they say I would not give him a
voice? I did not. Well, thanks to this.
Well, we have a first confession that
we did not need because he is already
condemned and we already knew what had
happened. But well, we have the confession
from his mouth and and and once again We confirm how far
a human being can go,
from his own voice, to say, my goodness,
to me, to a certain point, the fact
that, well, of course, that's what I'm telling you. No. What do
you think about the fact that
José Bretón is given a voice, that we listen to him, no,
but to me, for example, as long as he is not
paid, it
seems to me, I don't know, let's see, it's like you say. It's not
that we need the confession
because everything was very clear, but I don't know
if the guy is not paid. I mean, if the
guy is saos. How do we know that he doesn't because,
look, let's remember the Ros Peral issue, eh?
Well, she tried to claim the
documentary that we saw on Netflix.  plus the
series Rosa Peral's films and the
series and the fiction series on Netflix I
remember that she tried to claim the
rights and if I'm not mistaken they
threw it at her or rather they threw the issue of the
Rights at her but to what extent of this he does
n't know eh I don't know the sentence and what that
entails to what extent he can't
claim certain rights to this
in the end it's his life it's his confession It's
his story I don't know I don't know the uh
the clauses and it's I'm not so
sure eh I've seen many cases of
biographies of Lives that eh the
protagonist Despite having been in
prison has tried to claim certain
rights or certain I'm telling you the truth
man I hope the only thing missing is for
him to receive something economic I totally don't know
in this case man and the only thing
missing is a publishing house like Anagrama
that is behind it Look well it would be
interesting to talk to the publishing house
Tomorrow I'm going to get in touch with the
publishing house and the next day I'll tell you
something because I have the contact eh Of
some of the people because I've had to
talk to him because he has carried
Anagrama has carried some some some
famous books I have the  contact now it
's too late but I'll tell you something next time
man all that's missing is for
this person to perceive something
If that were the case it would be Of course it wouldn't be
super questionable man If that were the case no no no I don't
think so So yes it is
true that in that case it is good that a
voice is given thanks to that content today all
the programs and we are all talking
about that content so well uh it
is in a certain way it is a little
hypocritical to criticize it when
television programs have filled
content thanks to this no But what
can be criticized is precisely that
content
no and what this person uh what comes out of this person's mouth that is terrifying But this was like in the Ferris wheel do you remember the Cuco the blackout That famous Well the thing is that in the end uh I believe that precisely sometimes they have to be given a voice in the Ferris
wheel what I think is wrong is
that they paid the mother or rather if they
hadn't Yes no if they hadn't wanted to
pay and I don't see the problem it is a
testimony to listen to it that many
times can even serve to
catch contradictions  not to know
any information that we don't know the thing is that
this person How many years has this person been 14 this
person at some point will come out and this
person this type of profiles with these
characteristics with these traits will not be
reintegrated because they do not change and they get worse he is
missing 11 years he is missing 11 years
this
guy 25 is that but it is 25
without the possibility of I do not know if for good
behavior No of course no no no it is 40 years
of sentence he is serving 25 look look
Laura says the publisher says no but whoever
wants to write it helps with the issue
of how it is that I do not know and I do not know
how between them because Let's see why
this writer and for Well I do not know if he is a
journalist or why this writer
Yes why Why I mean why this
confession to a writer And why Through
legal means and through judicial means does
this confession change something now on a
legal level really no no no no no it is nothing more
than morbid curiosity no in the end no I
would love to know I do not know the writer
So if I knew him a little more I
could I could I do not know him is José
Bretón what I wanted was  ask for forgiveness
because he is sorry for what he
did and this is his way of asking for forgiveness, he does
n't know what
regret is and you will never see him in his
life, it's one that I also don't
find that there is any
way to do it but anyway
tomorrow we will discuss it deeply okay
tomorrow we will try to bring
some professionals related to
the subject as always okay So
tomorrow I will announce the time in the
WhatsApp group okay but it will be 10 10:30
as always
[Music]